nip-07: add the missing functions (#98)
nostr-protocol/nips: 07.md

```
async window.nostr.getPublicKey(): string // returns a public key as hex
async window.nostr.signEvent(event: Event): Event // takes an event object and returns it with the `sig`

> async window.nostr.getRelays(): { [url: string]: RelayPolicy } // returns a map of relays

Reviewer: RelayPolicy is not defined. Maybe this is clearer?

```suggestion
async window.nostr.getRelays(): { [url: string]: {read: boolean, write: boolean} } // returns a map of relay urls to relayPolicies
```

Author: good idea. thanks! done.
